[Requirements] Bump numpy for tensorflow2.14.0 (#486)
mlrun/storey: requirements.txt

# exclude pandas 1.5.0 due to https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/48767
# and 1.5.* due to https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/49203
pandas>=1, !=1.5.*, <3

> # <=1.26.2 is just a safeguard - no tests performed with numpy higher than 1.26.2
> numpy<=1.26.2

Reviewer: Please don't limit the patch version though.
```suggestion
# upper limit is just a safeguard - tested with numpy 1.26.2
numpy<1.27
```

# <15 is just a safeguard - no tests performed with pyarrow higher than 14
pyarrow>=1,<15
v3io-frames~=0.10.3
v3iofs~=0.1.17
xxhash>=1

> nuclio-sdk>=0.5.3

Reviewer: What's the change?

Author: Idk and I can not revert it, maybe it's just a GitHub mistake.

Install requirements works and install the required package, So I think we can ignore this bug.

Reviewer 2: it's a formatting change - adding newline char at the end of file

# exclude pandas 1.5.0 due to https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/48767
# and 1.5.* due to https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/49203
pandas>=1, !=1.5.*, <3

> # numpy>=1.23 in order to support tensorflow 2.14.0 in mlrun.

Reviewer: Why do we need to raise the lower bound in storey to support something in mlrun? Let mlrun specify its own limits...

> # numpy>=1.23 in order to support tensorflow 2.14.0 in mlrun.
> # upper limit is just a safeguard - tested with numpy 1.26.2
> numpy>=1.23.0,<1.27

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# upper limit is just a safeguard - tested with numpy 1.26.2
numpy>=1.16.5,<1.27
```
